Be brave enough to live creatively. The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. You cannot get there by bus, only by hard work, risking and by not quite knowing what you are doing. What you will discover will be wonderful: Yourself. - Alan Alda
Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life? - Mary Oliver
It is easier to build stron gchildren than repair broken men. - Frederick Douglass
It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. - Mark Twain
I’ve been all through life’s rambles, and I’ve met a lot of men, Some rob you with a six gun, others rob you with a fountain pen. - Woody Guthrie
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly. - Langston Hughes
It doesn’t take great men to do things, but it is doing things that make men great. - Arnold Glasow
Work is love made visible. - Kahlil Gibran
Let us not paralyze our capacity for good by brooding over man’s capacity for evil. - David Sarnoff
There is no limit to the good you can do if you don’t care who gets the credit. - General George C. Marshall
Life expands or shrinks according to one's courage. - Anais Nin
We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction. - Douglas MacArthur
Hope is a walking dream. - Aristotle
Never do anything against conscience, even if the state demands it. - Albert Einstein
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it. - Albert Einstein
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? - Albert Einstein
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. - Mother Teresa
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope. - Martin Luther
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little. - Edmund Burke
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest. - Elie Wiesel
You may think your actions are meaningless and that they won't help, but that is no excuse, you must still act. - Gandhi
Do not go where the path may lead, go where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The person who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. - Unknown
I am the captain of my fate. I am the master of my soul. - Invictus
It's bad luck to be superstitious. - Bill Blackman
It all depends on whether you have things, or they have you. - Robert A. Cook
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. - The Dalai Lama
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. - Seneca
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
Habit is ten times nature. - The Duke of Wellington
Money will not make you happy, and happy will not make you money. - Groucho Marx
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics. - Mark Twain
When we ask advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice. - Marquis de Lagrange
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself. - Oscar Wilde
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. - Woody Allen
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Those who give hoping to be rewarded with honor are not giving, they are bargaining. - Philo
Whenever a fellow tells me he is bipartisan I know he is going to vote against me. - Harry Truman
In order to become the master, the politician poses as the servant. - Charles de Gaulle
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war. - Maria Montessori
Politics is like football. If you see daylight, go through the hole. - John F. Kennedy
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. - George Burns
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
You are remembered for the rules you break. - Douglas MacArthur
The longer the title, the less important the job. - George McGovern
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it. - Sam Levenson
We'd all like to vote for the best man but he's never a candidate. - Kim Hubbard
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. - Napoleon Bonaparte
To be prepared for War is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. - George Washington
The world is now too small for anything but brotherhood. - Arthur Powell Davies
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
Without dreams, there is no reality. - Luis B Couto
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. - Andre Gide
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it. - Sir Winston Churchill
We make way for the man who boldly pushes past us. - Christian Bovee
Ideas shape the course of history. - John Maynard Keynes
Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win. - Bobby Knight
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter Drucker
We walk away from our dreams afraid we may fail, or worse yet, afraid we may succeed. - "Finding Forrester"
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
To be is to do. - Immanuel Kant
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Christopher Morley
If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it. - President Ronald Reagan
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers. - James Thurber
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying. - Woody Allen
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. - George S. Patton
We are what we believe we are. - C. S. Lewis
Sometimes I wonder whether the world is being run by smart people who are putting us on or by imbeciles who really mean it. - Mark Twain
Don't let the best be in the way of the good. - Uwie Reinhardt
I can't tell you what the meaning of life is… But I can dance it. - Woody Allen
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning, and yearning. - Christopher Morley
What we learn from history is that we do not learn from history. - Benjamin Disraeli
The world will turn if you're ready or not. - Bob Marley
I don't think adventure is ever the enemy of relationships. The bigger threat is boredom and routine. - Bono
There is no excellency without difficulty. - Ovid
It's great to be great but it's greater to be human. - Will Rogers
Every song has a CODA, a final movement. Whether it fades out or crashes away. Every song ends. Is that any reason not to enjoy the music? - Just Jessie
The most important quality for an investor is temperament, not intellect. - Warren Buffett
The future is no place to place your better days. - Dave Mathews
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed. - Storm Jameson
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Thomas Jefferson
I have ever deemed it more honorable and more profitable, too, to set a good example than to follow a bad one. - Thomas Jefferson
Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear. - Thomas Jefferson
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. - Abraham Maslow 
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Democracy must be something more than two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for dinner. - James Bovard
If You Cant Fly, Run. If You Cant Run, Walk. If You Cant Walk, Crawl. But By All means, Keep Moving. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity. - Frederick Phillips
Yeah. [I] stuck to it. And I wasn't losing -- I was just learning how to win. - Ted Turner
In the short term the market is a voting machine, in the long-term it is a weighing machine. - Benjamin Graham
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
My three keys to success: One, work hard. Two, be your own person. And three, have a passion for what you’re doing. - Juli Inkster
in vino veritas, in aqua sanitas (in wine there is truth, in water there is health). - Alcaeus
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. - Mark Twain
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food. - Hippocrates
There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity. - Douglas McArthur
Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed. - Corita Kent
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. - Marie Curie
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Often a dash of judgment is better than a flash of genius. - Howard W. Newton
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. - Jonathan Kozol
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously. - Peter Ustinov
Ideas shape the course of history. - John Maynard Keynes
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
Somewhere, there's a someone for everyone. - Dean Martin
I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience. - R. Buckminster Fuller
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. - Arthur Rubinstein
Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it. - Edward de Bono
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. - Charles Darwin
Prosperity is full of friends. - Euripides
Changes are not only possible and predictable, but to deny them is to be an accomplice to one's own unnecessary vegetation. - Gail Sheehy
So here hath been dawning another blue day; Think, wilt thou let it slip useless away? - Thomas carlyle
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. - Leonardo Da Vinci
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
Education is the transmission of civilization. - Will Durant
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. - Dale Carnegie
We may define therapy as a search for value. -Abraham Maslow 
The heights of great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight. But rather they, while their companions slept, toiled upwards into the night. - St. Augustine
Almost anything you do will seem insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. - Mahatma Ghandi
It is our choices,... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - J. K. Rowling
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit. - Bern Williams
Life is under no obligation to live up to our/one's expectations. - Margaret Mitchell
He that will not reflect is a ruined man. - Asian Proverb
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. - Buddha
When the student is ready, the master appears. - Buddhist Proverb
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. - Buddhist Proverb
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. - General George S. Patton
Let him that would move the world first move himself. - Socrates
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom. - Hannah Arendt
Adversity can be the path to enlightenment. - Google
To have a great idea, have a lot of them. - Thomas A. Edison
Think wrongly, if you please, but in all cases think for yourself. - Doris Lessing
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas A. Edison
You lose with potential. You win with performance. - Bill Parcells
Believe things, rather than man. - Benjamin Whichcote
The good thing about being young is that you are not experienced enough to know you cannot possibly do the things you are doing. - Gene Brown
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt. - Bertrand Russell
Every single day do something that makes your heart sing. - Marcia Wieder
I believe every human being has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine. - Neil Armstrong
You can't build up a reputation on what you are going to do. - Henry Ford
Never let yesterday use too much of today. - Will Rogers
Don't ever give up. Until you take that last breath, you fight. - Wayman Tisdale
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life. - Sophia Loren
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now. - MLK
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. - MLK
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. - MLK
There is no greater cause of melancholy than idleness. - Robert Burton
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. - Josh Billings
The nature of man is always the same; it is their habits that separate them. - Confucius
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Browne
Fear fades when facts are faced. - Frank Tyger
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. - Jim Rohn
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. - Bertrand Russell
War does not determine who is right - only who is left. - Bertrand Russell
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose. - Robert Byrne
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live. - Joan Borysenko
Life is a promise; fulfill it. - Mother Theresa
"I have done my best." That is about all the philosophy of living one needs. - Lin Yutang
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. - Thomas Fuller
Never confuse high probability with infallibility. - Darryl Guppy
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone. - Henry David Thoreau
To whom much is given, much is expected. - Luke 12:48
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. - Napoleon Bonaparte
One learns from defeat, not from victory. - Bobby Jones (via Tom Watson)
Business or toil is merely utilitarian. It is necessary, but does not enrich or ennoble a human life. - Aristotle
Success is never final and failure never fatal. It's courage that counts. - George F. Tilton
Tough times never last, but tough people do. - Robert H. Schuller
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to. - W.C. Fields
It's never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. - George Shultz
Look and you will find it. What is unsought will go undetected. - Sophocles
Heaven never helps the men who will not act. - Sophocles
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you already are. - Kurt Cobain
Only a fool tests the water with both feet. - African Proverb
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery. - James Joyce, Ulysses
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. - Peter T. McIntyre
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. - Edmund Hillary
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life. - Michael Leboeuf
I don't like money, actually, but it quiets my nerves. - Joe Louis
Be what you is not what you ain't. 'Cause if you ain't what you is, you is what you ain't. - Anonymous
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight, but rather they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.- Jim Rohn
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened. - Michel de Montaigne